add triggered config description to docs (#1375)
scalacenter/scalafix: docs/users/configuration.md

]
DisableSyntax.noFinalize = true
```

## Triggered configuration

> Overlay rules and rule specific configuration for scalafix on compilation, which is enabled by `scalafixOnCompile := true`.
> Every configuration can be overlaid by `triggered` prefix. With the following configuration, explicit scalafix invocation will run with `[ DisableSyntax, RemoveUnused ]` rules, while scalafix on compilation will run with `[ DisableSyntax ]` rule.

Reviewer: I tried to rephrase to highlight the "triggered" concept/naming that we came up with in the original PR.

```suggestion
When Scalafix is triggered automatically (`scalafixOnCompile := true`), the
values for keys prefixed with `triggered` takes precedence over the default
configuration - both for rules and rule-specific configuration. You can think
of `triggered` as a optional overlay, on top of the default configuration.
  
For example, with the following configuration, explicit scalafix invocation
will run `DisableSyntax` & `RemoveUnused`, while triggered invocations
will only run `DisableSyntax`. In both cases, the `noFinalize` configuration
is enabled.
```
